Version 0.3.0a
October 2, 2014

This is a pre-release, experimental version.

The minimum database version has been updated to 17 for the Oceanus 1.0 database.

Large changes to the skill plan view. Skill plans are now a master/detail pair of tables.
    All columns can be moved by dragging and dropping the column header.
    Right clicking on a column header will bring up a contextual menu letting you show or hide columns, along with menu items related to sorting.
    Because of the previous changes the Skill Plan related Preference pane is no longer necessary and has been removed.
    Skill plans and skills can be sorted by clicking on a column header, except for columns whose data is calculated (e.g. Running Total, Start/Finish Date).
    The Manual Sort menu item will undo all sorting, reverting you to the last manual sort.
    Sorting skills within a plan may well violate skill pre-requisites. Skills that no longer follow their pre-requisites are displayed with a red name. The "Fix Prerequisites" menu item will attempt a minimal re-ordering of skills to satisfy all pre-requisites. The new order will be set as the latest manual sort.

When changing tabs in the Skill Planner search section (i.e. Skills, Certs, Ships, Modules) the search field is cleared since it's likely to not make much sense for a different kind of search.

The Database preference pane now updates properly if the database has just been updated.

Changed the way ships are sorted into races in the Ships search view so all ships should now be visible, specifically ORE ships.

The code has been cleaned up a lot to remove compiler warnings and to eliminiate some memory leaks.


Version 0.2.11a
September 9, 2014

This is a pre-release, experimental version.

It includes the Hyperion database (August 2014) inside the application. In order to get Vitality to use the built-in database you will probably need to delete both URL's in the Database pane of the Preferences window, then re-launch the application.

The Skill Plan view has been heavily modified, including limited support for sorting both the skill plan overview (list of skill plans) along with even more limited support for sorting skills within a plan. Right click on either table header to choose which columns to display or to revert to manual sorting. Drag and drop table column headers to move them within the table.

You are strongly encouraged to back up your existing Vitality installation before installing this version. Save a copy of the previous version of the application along with the contents of the ~/Library/Application Support/Vitality folder.


Version 0.2.8
July 14, 2013

Skill Planner clears selection when switching between skill plans.
Fixed the contextual menu not appearing in skill planner options.
Added a Status Bar menu to display info about the current character.
Show cargo capacity in ship detail window.
Updated skill icons to use the higher resolution 32x32 version.


Version 0.2.x

Added Next/Previous Skill Plan menu items and keybindings for navigating between skill plans.
Added manual ordering of skill plans in the Overview tab.

